Are right here we go.
Let's define all the variables and all the parameters of our environment.
And so since these are going to be parameters and variables of our objects environments we have to introduce
them and initialize all of them starting with self because self refers to the object.
All right and let's do this.
We have a lot of them to define.
So let's do this efficiently.
The first one we just have to follow the list given in the book or in the slide.
The first one is the monthly atmospheric temperatures which is going to be the list of all the average
atmospheric temperatures for each of the 12 months in a year.
And so we're going to say that for January this average temperature is going to be 1.0 zero Celsius
then from February 5.0 then from March 7.0 then for April 10.0 then from May 11.0 you can see I'm following
the seasons here then for June twenty point zero.
We are approaching the summer then for July 20 3.0 then for August 24 point zero the hottest month of
the year then twenty two point zero in September 10.0 in October 5.0 in November.
And finally back to the winter 1.0 in December.
All right perfect.
That's why our first and varment object variable.
Now the second one second one is going to be the initial months indeed.
So far the initial month is only an argument and that's because we want to catch the initial month easily
whenever we create a new environment object.
But still we have to introduce the here as the variable of the object.
And of course we will initialize it as the value that will input in this argument.
Initial month.
All right so that's the second one then the next object Vibro is going to be.
Well since now we have the atmospheric temperatures for each of the 12 month and the initial months
when we're starting.
Well of course.
Now what we're going to get is the atmospheric temperature we're starting with that is of the month
we're starting with.
And so to get it.
Well that's easy.
We're going to get our list of atmospheric temperatures inside which we're going to get the index of
the month.
We're starting with which is that index of the initial month perfect then next I.
Now the next one is going to be the optimal temperature range.
And again exactly as before.
We already have that argument but we also need to initialize this as an object variable and we energises
with the value entered in the arguments optimal temperature perfect.
Next one self that.
Now that's when we're going to get all the men temperatures max temperatures mean number of users maximum
users and same for the rates of data.
So let's do this.
Everything is listed in the book.
We start with the minimum temperature which is minus 20 degrees then the maximum temperature which is
80 degrees then the minimum number of users which is 10 users then the maximum number of users which
is one hundred users then the maximum.
Remember we also have this The maximun update of the number of users that can go up or down per minute
inside the server.
And we said that to five.
So these are all the parameters for the number of users.
Now let's take care of the data itself that minimum the minimum rate of data that can be in the server
and that is 20.
So let's say 20 gigabytes or terabytes of data depends on the service capacity.
Then we also have the maximum rate of data which is 300 gigabytes of terabytes.
You know it doesn't really matter as you want.
And then of course again the maximum update of data that is the maximum amount of data that can go up
or down per minute inside the server.
And that is 10 gigabytes then.
Now we're going to take care of you know the initial number of users and the initial rate of data and
these will actually be parameters always equal to the value provided here in the arguments and then
we'll also make two separate variables for the current number of users and the current rate of data.
And these will be the number of users and the rate of data which will be updated over the iterations
that is over the minutes either in the training or the simulation.
And so we're going to initialize four new variables here.
First one that is self that while we can copy this actually because this is going to be the environment
object viable that gives us the initial number of users and we will initialize it actually as the value
of the arguments entered.
When creating an environment object.
Right and then we're going to introduce this separate variable for the correct number of users.
That is the number of users that will be updated over the iterations.
And of course at the beginning since we're starting with the initial number of users Well I'm also going
to initialize it this way with the value of the argument provided.
And now let's do the same for the data.
We introduce a new horrible for the initial rate of data which will be equal to the initial rate of
data provided in the arguments.
That's why I'm pasting that here and same finally another variable for the current rate of data which
will be updated over time and which we also have to initialize as the initial rate of data because indeed
at the beginning the current rate of data is the initial rate of data.
All right so these are for our parameters.
Now we're going into care actually of some of the very important variables because these current rate
data in current number of users are twofers variables.
But then we have to initialize you know all the variables related to the temperatures and also of course
to the energy because our ultimate goal is to save the maximum energy and we can do that through the
best temperature regulation as possible.
But here here comes a crucial point to understand.
So let's take a little break and I'll explain this important point in the next tutorial in which we'll
also introduce and initialize the rest of the environment object variables here.